this is tape I jest at Aoife 2010
weather ilanics Ln Lux Zoe stand and
we're gonna have a look at their new 10
inch touch tablet yeah so this is the
you touch 1080 very small devices you
can see on the outside of it we have
Micro SD rj45 lead that's worse off a
micro USB adapter menu button and volume
and on future sets then
begin 6-hour microphone reach their
headphones and full-size USA and mini
USB what
let's see here it's going to fall away G
send some outside rotate the screen
29:13 I have quite good video playback
first of many photos
also an Android system we were in
Android 2.1 and through your desktops
many I wanted is that upgrade the boy in
the future we work on tape way to
version of moments that yes it should be
a great with rear SD card you may have
infants who are able show so I see
Google on Google Books a book
library through here 120
music this is probably in the Android
system the screen is a resistor screen
but we've used to Japan's band touch
between two thousand fifty grand place
so you don't need a stylist yep what's
going on under the hood then we've got
one gigahertz ARM chips exact same ones
read our ebook range electronic process
so before the code 11 1 gigahertz rate
drops down so 1x like floras eyeballs
rubies all of it as 2 Giga for more
storage both of the SD card yet often up
to 34 gigabytes of the applications
google has a quite large application
list built into it plus you've got an
app store you can download more ice
patients
that is really our research I think
you've got some smoke sort of
accessories over here accessory-wise red
undisputed USB cable you get all sides
where the keyboard comes to make it
easier for doing your with web browsing
or even doing your word processing
things lever bound for the fashionistas
absolutely it also quite nicely pretty
closes up becomes like a like a big fart
effects in some way take it away so it's
quite a nice work carrying the ports
around keep it safe
as their price set yet pricing through
in euros we're looking at every it's
just retail price at 199 euros and the
wallets at 49 euros and waynebow and UK
you guys already launched start
September so it's available through
purchases from an annex or through a
stockist wicked thank you much I promise